README.md, before:

# Tic Tac Toe: A SPA for playing Tic Tac Toe in the browser

This SPA allows a user to play Tic Tac Toe in the browser. I made this application to demonstrate my knowledge of coding fundamentals and to fulfill the project requirements set forth by General Assembly.

## Important Links

- [Deployed Client](https://waisath-cj.github.io/tictactoe-client/)

## Planning Story

How I plan on handling the game board is to store it in a local JS object once the user has signed in successfully. It'll store all the properties that the API returns to the user on successfully creating a game. The cells of the tic tac toe will be stored in an array that will represent the game board. Throughout the game, after each selection, the game will check the different win conditions to see if someone has won the game before allowing the next person to take their turn.

I will be following a suggested development schedule to ensure that I don't miss any as I develop this app. It will allow me to be better organized and stay on top of each task.

### User Stories

- As a user, I can sign up for an account
- As a user, I can sign into my account
- As a signed in user, I can change my password
- As a signed in user, I can sign out
- As a signed in user, I can start a new game of Tic Tac Toe
- As a signed in user, I can play a game of Tic Tac Toe
- As a signed in user, I can see the result of a game (win/loss or tie)
- As a signed in user, I can see the total number of games that I've played

### Technologies Used

- jQuery
- HTML/CSS
- Bootstrap
- JavaScript

### Unsolved Problems

- Would like to build a feature where a signed in user can play a game of Tic Tac Toe against an AI opponent

## Images

---

#### Wireframe:
![Project Wireframe](https://i.imgur.com/tVkpy9M.png)

Commit message:

README Update
- Added version history section
- Added picture of current version
- Updated title and tagline
- Shortened description of the project

README.md, after:

# Cosmic Tic Tac Toe: A space-themed version of a classic game

This SPA allows a user to play tic tac toe in the browser.

## Version History
2/4/21 - Version 2.0.0 is here! This version has made this project out of this world (pun intended)! This update was all about UI/UX.

## Important Links

- [Deployed Client](https://waisath-cj.github.io/tictactoe-client/)

## Planning Story

How I plan on handling the game board is to store it in a local JS object once the user has signed in successfully. It'll store all the properties that the API returns to the user on successfully creating a game. The cells of the tic tac toe will be stored in an array that will represent the game board. Throughout the game, after each selection, the game will check the different win conditions to see if someone has won the game before allowing the next person to take their turn.

I will be following a suggested development schedule to ensure that I don't miss any as I develop this app. It will allow me to be better organized and stay on top of each task.

### User Stories

- As a user, I can sign up for an account
- As a user, I can sign into my account
- As a signed in user, I can change my password
- As a signed in user, I can sign out
- As a signed in user, I can start a new game of Tic Tac Toe
- As a signed in user, I can play a game of Tic Tac Toe
- As a signed in user, I can see the result of a game (win/loss or tie)
- As a signed in user, I can see the total number of games that I've played

### Technologies Used

- jQuery
- HTML/CSS
- Bootstrap
- JavaScript

### Unsolved Problems

- Would like to build a feature where a signed in user can play a game of Tic Tac Toe against an AI opponent

## Images

---

#### Sneak Peek:
![Cosmic Tic Tac Toe](https://i.imgur.com/Tp9QwhO.jpg)

#### Wireframe:
![Project Wireframe](https://i.imgur.com/tVkpy9M.png)
